First version: docs (#54)
pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK: docs/index.rst

    :target: https://knowledgebase.pi-top.com/knowledge/foundation-kit
    :alt: Foundation Kit

> A simple, modular interface for interacting with a pi-top and its related accessories and components.

Author: My suggestion for

> This SDK aims to provide an easy-to-use framework for managing a pi-top. It includes a Python 3 package (`pitop`), with several modules for interfacing with a range of pi-top devices and peripherals.

might be better here, actually.

About
=====

> This SDK is allows the user to easily interact and connect different components of a pi-top. It provides
> a Python 3 module called `pitop`, with several submodules that communicate with a particular subsystem inside a pi-top.

Author: ```suggestion
This SDK aims to provide an easy-to-use framework for managing a pi-top. It includes a Python 3 package (`pitop`), with several modules for interfacing with a range of pi-top devices and peripherals.
```

Author: Note this loses a newline

This SDK also contains CLI utilities, to interact with your pi-top using the terminal.

> This library is included out-of-the-box with pi-topOS.

Author: ```suggestion
This SDK is included out-of-the-box with pi-topOS.
```

Author: Probably good to do a find and repolace on this sort of thing

=================

.. toctree::
    :maxdepth: 4

>     :numbered:

Author: What was the reason for removing this - did it feel weird?

Reviewer: Yeah, it didn't look right... However I reorganized the main sections and added them back; I think the numbered sections provide a feel of "moving forward" in terms of how we want people to read them, so we should definitely include them

Author: Looking at it, I think we should limit it to 2.

>     :maxdepth: 2

Author: I have to say that I think we should try and group a lot of the later pages under a specific heading and open this up a bit. The main SDK page gets lost in and amongst all of the secondary pages..

Author: I am specifically referring to:
* faq
* contributing
* references
* license
* release_notes

Reviewer: Agreed!

>     installing

Author: Perhaps `Getting Started`? pi-topOS users won't need to do this, so we can say "use pi-topOS" before recommending manual install

    sdk_reference
    cli

>     examples

Author: After "getting started", I think we should lead with examples Fastest way to communicate what it can do!

Author: How will this be different from the examples provided in each section?
